Add example for IAM authentication (#93)
opensearch-project/opensearch-go: USER_GUIDE.md

    fmt.Println("deleting index", deleteIndexResponse)
}

```

## How to use IAMs as authentication method

> Before starting, we strongly recommend to read the full AWS documentation regarding IAMs for Opensearch.

Reviewer: "Before starting, we strongly recommend reading the full AWS documentation regarding using IAM credentials to sign to requests to OpenSearch APIs."

> See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/ac.html

Reviewer: I would recommend linking off to the developer guide with some text, not just a hyperlink.

See [Identity and Access Management in Amazon OpenSearch Service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/ac.html).

> Even if you configure a completely open resource-based access policy, all requests to the OpenSearch Service configuration API must be signed. If your policies specify IAM users or roles, requests to the OpenSearch APIs also must be signed using AWS Signature Version 4.
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/ac.html#managedomains-signing-service-requests

> Here is an example of Go code showing how to sign each opensearch request and automatically search for AWS credentials from ~/aws folder or env vars:

Reviewer: Capitalize OpenSearch?

> Here is some sample Go code that shows how to sign each OpenSearch request and automatically search for AWS credentials from the ~/aws folder or env vars:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is some sample Go code that shows how to sign each OpenSearch request and automatically search for AWS credentials from the ~/.aws folder or environment variables:
```

```go
package main

import (
	"context"
	"io"
	"log"

	"github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/aws/session"
	"github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-go"
	"github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-go/opensearchapi"
	requestsigner "github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-go/signer/aws"
)

> const domainEndpoint = "https://vpc-test-opensearch-with-iams-lpzna4633opqnm.eu-west-1.es.amazonaws.com/"

Reviewer 2: const endpoint = "" // e.g. https://opensearch-domain.region.com

Author: Done 😉

func main() {
	ctx := context.Background()

	// Create an AWS request Signer and load AWS configuration using default config folder or env vars.
	// See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/request-signing.html#request-signing-go
	signer, err := requestsigner.NewSigner(session.Options{SharedConfigState: session.SharedConfigEnable})
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err) // Do not log.fatal in a production ready app.
	}

	// Create an opensearch client and use the request-signer
	client, err := opensearch.NewClient(opensearch.Config{
		Addresses: []string{domainEndpoint},
		Signer: signer,
	})
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal("client creation err", err)
	}

	ping := opensearchapi.PingRequest{}

	resp, err := ping.Do(ctx, client)
	if err != nil {
		log.Fatal(err)
	}
	defer resp.Body.Close()

	if resp.IsError() {

> 		log.Println("ping resp code", resp.StatusCode)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		log.Println("ping response status ", resp.Status())
```
